hi i'm annie coming at you live from the
luxurious beauty lounge at the same
media offices in YC okay and well so we
get sent stuff every once in a while and
this came in the mail from Frederic
Frederic Fekkai and high-priced
I think it looks like the womb like the
stomach womb of like some insects that
you like so bit in all those little eggs
fill out like alien like what alien like
alien yeah sure like alien but it's not
that and um I asked people to guess on
Instagram what it was and apparently
guys already know so you ruined it you
ruined it I'm sick but um anyway so the
roller is their hair rollers and their
foam and they're like nerf balls for
your head and so what you do look we
have like eight so I'll take like some
pretty big sections of hair it's like
kind of damp cuz of my shower and you
just like roll it up doo-doo-doo
and the ideas that you're going to get
some nice loose like cascading wave curl
things so that looks close right yeah
and looks like a yo-yo
yeah it's like hair yo-yos like spongy
hair yo-yos and maybe you could like do
them like different ways every time so
you get um I don't know you know how
they say to do that you you know all of
you already know this or if you don't
yeah maybe you should try going
different ways for like some like you
know interesting angles and texture and
your hair experiment maybe I'm doing too
big of sections but
like it's not even taking that long you
just roll it up I'm pretty sure it when
I when I tried it before the other day
when I was just goofing around um I
think I rolled them too tight and they
were kind of hard to get out so you know
just be careful I also got my armpits
lasered and they're not growing back as
much I can already tell the difference
so this is a whole different post all
together yeah I got my armpits they said
they wanted to do my mustache but
apparently I don't actually have a
mustache it's just the media teaching me
that I have a mustache and that I should
be ashamed of it the media sorry aren't
you the media technically I am like I am
the renegade media medium she's a
renegade side I'm I want women to know
that they should do this for themselves
and not because they're they should be
ashamed of not having wavy bouncy hair
but if they want wavy bouncy hair for
themselves to make themselves happy and
then they should do it this and if they
want their mustache gone they should
just get their mustache gone if that's
but they shouldn't be ashamed in their
mustache no shame I think my Sascha's
are cute now that I can't get rid of
mine when I'm at happy trails happy
trails
I'm going to get lasered and I think I'm
just going to like work for my desk like
this for the rest of the day let it set
in it says that you can leave them in
overnight so they live in for a couple
of hours and see I'm sure there'll be a
plenty of time the end yeah
be excited big reveal
yeah all right here we go dude help whoo
you really like is it actually works
oh wow they should be showing on to your
hair next all right this is where I
start running into problems and I like
tie my hair nods at the end but see I do
this every time I call my hair with
curlers
it's like Scalise into this product this
product like obviously knows what it's
doing
it's product it apparently it's really
big in Japan according to Laurie who's
James new assistant who's really cool
who's really cool we love her and it's
kind of like if it hasn't been big in
Japan yet then it's probably not worth
using like when it comes to beauty you
know
yeah like CC creams and BB creams foam
hair rollers copy really tumor what else
today husband oh like the nails the
nails the kawaii wow they look really
good really mine yeah your hair's like
cool it's like I didn't try as well out
of bed
you're such a because that's exactly
what I did so that's good it looks great
I haven't seen I haven't seen it yet but
I'll take your word all right
impressive there you go world